# Tree of Life
---
ToL is a 2D platforming game being developed by students at Ferris State University.

## How to Build

1. Clone or download the repo
2. Open up the folder in Unity and run it!

## How to Build Documentation

If you have a recent commit, there should be a file in the root directory called **packages.config**.

### If you have **packages.config**:
1. Open this project in Visual Studio.
2. Go to <u>Build</u> :arrow_right: <u>Rebuild Solution</u>. This should download the doxygen tool into /packages/.
3. Double-click the **/build-docs.bat** file.
4. Double-click **/docs/html/index.html**

### If you don't have **packages.config**:
1. Open this project in Visual Studio.
2. Go to <u>Tools</u> :arrow_right: <u>NuGet Package Manager</u> :arrow_right: <u>Manage NuGet Packages for Solution...</u>
3. In the <u>Browse</u> tab, search for "**doxygen**"
4. Select doxygen and install it for this project.
5. Double-click the **/build-docs.bat** file.
6. Double-click **/docs/html/index.html**

#### Documentation Guidelines
The following files should be **omitted** from all commits. These should already be listed in .gitignore.
1. <u>**/docs/**</u> *(all files generated by doxygen)*
2. <u>**/packages/**</u> *(all NuGet packages)*

## How to Contribute
Here are the steps:
1. Create a new branch off of the most recent **master**
2. Make your changes, adding documentation comments
3. Ready to merge your changes?
   1. Squash your commits
   2. Rebase your branch onto the most recent **master**
   3. Fix conflicts
   4. Finish rebasing
   5. Test &amp; fix all issues
   6. Squash again
   7. Submit a detailed pull request